After self-fall
The cultivation base of the Ruler Mirror was divided into three and scattered around the world
The first one is hidden in the ancient battlefield of fighting against the demons
The second cultivation base is hidden in the Immortal Destruction Sword
But only this third cultivation base is missing
Now I am also a saint sword cloud horse
It's a thin line away from the dominant mirror
January has come
No time.
forced breakthrough
Sure enough, it still doesn't work.
This line has not been broken through
It seems that the return to the dominant mirror
It's not going to happen overnight.
The power of the film has been restored.
This momentum is much stronger than that of him back then
Apply film to practice with mortal lives
The more people we kill
The stronger
I have to get out of customs right now
Otherwise, wait until the lives are destroyed
It's all over